praise the Lord everyone welcome to
Gosselaar 7-channel I'm sister Barbara a
brother down with me today and I'm very
excited with these prophecy messages
these are some of the older ones that
we're continuing our they go back to
2010 some of them and therefore the
appointed time right now so if you join
me in the New King James Version Study
Bible I'm going to be in the Book of
Isaiah chapter 49 gonna read verses 14
to 19 and you must have open eyes and
open ears to get this prophecy message
but as I am said the Lord has forsaken
me and my Lord has forgotten me can a
woman forget her nursing child and I've
had compassion on the son of her womb
surely they may forget yes I will not
forget you see I have inscribed you on
the palms of my hands your walls are
continually before me your sons shall
make haste your destroyers and those who
laid you to waste shall go away from you
lift up your eyes look around and see
all these gather together and come to
you as I live says the Lord you shall
surely clothe yourself with all as an
ornament and bind them on you as a bride
does for your wasted desolate places and
the land of your destruction will even
now be too small for the inhabitants and
those who swallow you up
will be far away so next I'm going to be
in the book of Revelation chapter 21
verses let's see 9 I'm sorry
9 to 11 yes then one of the seven angels
who had the seven bowls filled with the
seven last plagues came to me and talked
with me saying come I will show you the
bride the Lambs wife and he carried me
away in the spirit to a great and high
mouth
show me the great city the holy
Jerusalem descending out of heaven from
God having the glory of God her light
was like a most precious stone like a
Jasper stone clear as crystal also she
had a great and high wall the twelve
gates and twelve angels at the gates and
the names written on them which are the
names of the 12 tribes of Israel
three gates on the east three gates of
the North three gates of the south and
three gates on the west am i going
further than this actually went a little
bit too far that's as far as I'm going
glad to be here again I'm Gavin Silver 7
I got this word on November 24th of 2010
the wind whispers the words of truth let
the righteous step forward and receive
the call to glory does not true
happiness rest in men's souls awaken
from my slumber and be counted amongst
the warriors of Christ truth is at your
doorstep open the door and it shall
enter let not thy burdens weigh down the
olive branch that it shall break silence
shall be broken as the night turns into
day behold the lamb of God stands in
front of thee listen to the Angels
praise my name all praise and honor is
due to the true king of Israel for His
mercy endures forever let deeds speak
for words for what words have spoken can
the fire of light not move thee to
prayer the gate of heaven is not cast in
stone but ivory the pearl which remains
unnoticed
shall soon be revealed gather thy
from the harvest for soon the tally
shall begin quenched I thirst for the
water of redemption away see now is the
time for the healer to step forward for
it is not just a body but the soul that
must be cleansed amen
so if you have ears open and ice open
you got this
I'll give you a little hint of it be all
the Lamb of God stands in front of thee
the gate of heaven is not cast in stone
but ivory so the Lamb of God is standing
before his bride whoo so repented be
baptized in the name of Jesus you
receive the gift of the Holy Spirit read
about that in acts 2:38 and I'm
proclaiming the acceptable year of the
Lord from now until September 23rd 2015
yeah Kippur Day of Atonement I have the
Holy Spirit on me so bad I could just
tip right over a pencil on the floor
from these messages so again remember to
like ascend Gosselaar 7 Facebook so you
see me flying over here you know what's
going on and thank you brother Dan thank
you Lord amen
sure